1. Why did you choose this meme? I.e. How does it connect to socialization & culture?

I chose this meme because it illustrates a c

2. How do memes transcend language?

Memes transcend language by there nature, for a brief period in 2015-2017 or so, it seemed that the point of a meme was to make as least sense as possible. While subversive humour is nothing new, it is based on a mutual understanding  between the creator and the reader of a meme. Memes are more symbolic, and they do not even require captions to get a point across. This isn't to say that memes do not benefit from language, but that they are not entirely dependent on it. Due to this fact, memes are not bound to one language, but they are typically made to be understood by a target audience just like many other forms of media.

3. How are memes used to influence culture?

Memes are used to influence culture both explicitly, and unintentionally. They are often used as a way to belittle another group while empowering another, or they are used just to get a laugh. Memes influence culture by supplying a sort of constant for everyday people. People will see memes on a daily basis probably, and people often will ask eachother if they have seen a meme. Memes are created to be shared. This influences a sort of collective conciousness to where people are constantly seeking to share memes they found funny, truthful, or even completely wrong. This leads to a sort of specilization of memes for different groups, and these different groups will often enjoy their memes while typically not enjoying memes made from groups with differing beliefs or culture. This divide shows memes influence in culture because they have become intergrated into culture itself. Memes are inevitable in modern society, and its not too rare to find one that presents information in such a way that it may even influence one's thought on a personal level. Truly, memes are a mode for information to spread with no strings attached and typically no context to support the information. Whether this is a good or bad thing is up to the individual.

4.  What would a symbolic interactionist say about the rise of the meme?

A symbolic interactionist would probably say that the rise of the meme is fairly unsurprising. Human's are very reliant on symbols, and they're the only species on earth that can apply meaning to them. The way people see and interpret memes is typically very personal. Memes are very social, and are created to be spread and shared with others. This exchange is at the core of symbolic interactionism. Social interaction through symbols and language is culminated into a meme. Memes leverage symbolism and language to spread ideas and information. The same way symbols and language divide people they are also very powerful for bringing people together. The relatability of memes speaks to one's perception of others and society; Similar to Max Weber's thoughts regarding the same ideas of one's perception of self and their perception of the whole. Memes are both personal and social.

What kind of an assumption might an outsider make about our cultural norms and values from the meme?

